bars
[Music]
or the federal rubén and we are in women
I hope you are very well and I am a
little sore but anyway here
I keep going that I have not gone I never go
to go all right not and I want to comment
what
is a little absent because there has not been
hacks but but one day is already one
and I would want to bring think I spent a
day or ten that came out I do not know but here it
I have them, let's go to the link and I'll leave it
good for the inputs we are going to
enjoy announced let's go so that carlos
hank ok and this is the hack ok hopper
session and says facebook and decision and of
lose and we're not going to go to what it is
save the dragon city
let's give a right click and let's see
see frame strong and it will open a
popup window in which
with this cell in which again in
which on line 25 will be what
It is our
facebook and let's copy it then
here we are going to paste
ok now let's go to the session and not
let's go again to this and we're going to give
against the most efe will open a
window or subscribe sheen like here and
we will be marked in the session and
nomadic we are going to copy
ok so
let's hit ok now here is more than
4,300 of food 8,600,000 gold 50
daily gems
They are daily or every day is not
you have to have activated the bonus of
daily
and buy dragons for 25 gems all
these serve very well ok I have to
food
133 thousand 345 and if we go here in
shipping tool
ok we wait for them to load
r
charge the load charge charge
discharge
Quick
more to load I hope they are very
well I could not tell here
ok now let's see that I have food
3,345 had before now I have 13 thousand
713 thousand 713 of 6,625 that is, the hack
it works
I think this car is that I think that
is the waiting period or not this is
self so every second is going to give more
calls meals ok
as you see now if I change you here
ok that I have 10 million
[Music]
100 million meals and we're going to
shipping tool
when this appears, please click
here before this hack then what
we have to do is click it and we
will open a window of adefa
of linz boost that that's not mine that 's
means that from the hack itself
in a few words yes
every time you want to be you have
what to expect to do
for a bonus for doing the hack
for me it is very good or it does not have
nothing wrong doing so many complain
but
here we feel ok let's see let's
the other time
copy
this paste, let's go a little bit more
fast because if I'm not wrong there's another
What I have for you
and I 'm going to do it now I'm going to do
two videos on line 25 we're going to
look for it
will want psoe yes yes yes yes yes
ok let's copy it
and guilty injuries but it's that
come one there has come a time when
I can not answer messages the truth
I would like but not anymore but I can not like
come I have 10 million 10 million 565
million food saving forgiveness
and they see increase again
ok let's give it in gems
finally we are going to give in gems and we are going
to the shipment ok is going to say that to be able to
make this heart you need to click
here then it will not open another window anymore
see change links books and let's wait
the 5 seconds here the absence of
advertising as if nothing
[Music]
well I remind you that
for me it's something is saying something right or
something good that they do this because to
to think that
well you recognize it is that this hack
we liked you as doing
giving them a little help with this
then we repeat the steps facebook and
of 11 to paste it we already had it here
[Music]
ok now the session and up close
session and will copy
copy over here
and as well I think I had 10
gems and never if indeed I had more
launches must have been loaded ok
this one can not be used one per day
so in order not to try, try
try to understand why not
it's going to come out because you see here 650
daily gems ok as you see
continue who knows what
ok I think it's free trial but
but after the charge
to see if I'm not wrong if not then
no use to not make you
[Music]
to wait
They serve as see us then they will not
try because it will serve no good
some food and gold ok I hope that
they liked the hack do not forget to leave
you like to comment and see you in
the next one that was another video ok
goodbye